---------------------
Astronomical
Universe
Galaxy
Nebula
Intersteller Medium
Outer Space
---------------------

Intro - Monty Python Galaxy Song

Core Game Objectives
--------------------
1) Massive Configurablility with:
	A) Shuttles
	B) Weaponry
	C) Traps
2) Massive scope of a UNIVERSE
	A) Worm holes
	B) Singularities
	C) Asteriod fields
3) Interaction with other players
	A) Human
	B) AI
4) Time passes MUCH faster in game so astronomical events can occur

Base Game Ideas
---------------
1) Multiplayer
	A) each players orbits their own planet
	B) only when a player is close enough to a neighboring planet should
	   the server begin to send information about another players station
	C) possible algorithms to be used will be dijkstra's for finding the
	   shortest possible path, and kd-trees could be used to determine
	   collisions.  Although this possibly will all be done with path
	   finding.
2) 'pending' doom durring the building of their space station.
	A) Their light source could implode
	B) Comets and meteors.
	C) Aliens!! (could come in peace ;) (lost or stranded aliens that need to phone home)
	D) Black holes, White holes
	E) Singularities
3) Material Gathering
	INTERSTELLAR MATTER a.k.a. ISM (wiki it)
	A) Set off on the journey with a momentarily self sustaining space shuttle
	B) Space debris
	C) Satelites
	D) Trips to the planet
	E) Trips to the N moon(s)
	F) Trips to neighboring planets in the galaxy
4) Space/Time Travel
	A) Worm holes can be used to travel between galaxies.
		I) actually moving entire stations to your enimies galaxy
	B) Shuttles of varing complexities can be constructed for a variaty of missions
	   This is a good place to get creative.  You could build a massive fleet of 
	   self sustaining star cruisers and invade another galaxy.
	C) As for random plots and scenerios, some ideas could be pulled from star trek.


Base Game Physics
-----------------
1) Orbital patterns around a planet.
	A) These orbits will need to be micromanaged to maintain orbit and
	   not fly off into space or crash into the planet.
	B) 
2) Gravity will only be an issue when you are close enough to a planet for it to matter.
	A) Space Men/Women will actually float off into space if they are not 
	   tethered to the shuttle/station.
	B) There will be a random factor to the tether breaking.
3) Air
	A) oxygen producing plants.
	B) air tanks to hold a specific amount of air.
	C) if the shuttle/station has a whole then the vacumm of space so 
	   correctly effect the shuttle/station.
	D) this imposses the need for air locks and emergency protocols.
4) Weoponry
	A) A myriad of weapons can be designed in MANY different ways.
	B) Much more detail here.
5) Energy
	A) Solar Power!
	B) Generators
	C) Feed off of converting mass to pure energy




bloopdebloo
